Adds how-to guides (Rhino + Databases + Exclude inputs) (#181)
Appsilon/shiny.telemetry: vignettes/rhino.Rmd

---
title: "Setup shiny.telemetry in a Rhino application"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{Setup shiny.telemetry in a Rhino application}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment = "#>"
)
```

> The `{shiny.telemetry}` package can be used with any Shiny application and in this guide we will show how to use it with [{rhino} package](https://appsilon.github.io/rhino/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `{shiny.telemetry}` package can be used with any Shiny application and in this guide we will show how to add it to a [{rhino} application](https://appsilon.github.io/rhino/).
```

<div style="float: right;">
<a href="https://appsilon.github.io/rhino/" target="_blank"><img src="https://appsilon.github.io/rhino/reference/figures/rhino.png" style="height: 140px;" /></a>
<a href="https://appsilon.github.io/shiny.telemetry/"><img src="https://appsilon.github.io/shiny.telemetry/reference/figures/shiny-telemetry.png" style="height: 140px;" /></a>
</div>

`{rhino}` is a package that provides a framework to build high quality, enterprise-grade Shiny apps at speed.
It is designed to help you build Shiny apps that are scalable, maintainable, and robust.

Using `{shiny.telemtry}` with `{rhino}` is very simple and it requires only a few lines of code just as any other app.

> After initializing `{rhino}` with `rhino::init()` or using an existing `{rhino}` code base, you can start using `{shiny.telemetry}` to track events in your application by:

Reviewer: 1. Please add links to Rhino documentation that will guide users how they can initialize a Rhino app.
2. `shiny.telemetry` needs to be installed, please add a snippet with simple `rhino::pkg_install("shiny.telemetry")`

Author: Done.
